but monsters gone and your daddies
in the key the capo key is an a minor
chord and it starts with half notes
open fifth string the a note half note
and a C note e right up the court G so
open fin third fret of the fifth second
fret of them
third now notice I have a slide on the
little finger is where the slide figure
comes in on the I guess that's the fifth
fret of the second string slide down two
frets now on the fourth fret of the
third string down two frets to the
second and then slide from the fourth
fret to the open just pull off again
starting on the second fret fifth string
slide down two frets fourth fret third
string again from the fourth fret but
now pull off to the open third string so
together that a minor arpeggio ascending
up from a half notes slide this is
measure 13 in your transcription it
repeats that twice and then repeats back
to the verse at the end of the second
chorus in measure 21 the slide figures a
little different it's and then so that's
just sliding down from the fourth to the
third I'm sorry
sliding out from the fourth to the 2nd
frets on the third string and then to
the open string now slide up to the
ninth fret on the 4th string mm-hmm and
then catch the third string at the same
fret and this takes us into the bridge